ultimately people like freelee and
durianrider were most influential just
in presenting all of their followers
with a model of middle aged people
behaving like teenagers because at
bottom that's what they are and I think
most you guys like including redneck to
vegan even if you don't realize it even
if you don't think consciously that
you're imitating freelee and durianrider
when you turn on the camera that's what
you're doing and that's what has got to
stop you can disrespect me but I'm
asking you to have some respect for
yourself stop behaving like a teenager
and start thinking about the future of
the movement but just in passing with no
justification with no reason when next
to vegan here if you think about what's
thrown in in passing he calls me
egotistical narcissistic braggadocious
and he calls me a liar
many many times you know apart from the
much more serious things what have I
lied about let me ask you really serious
I have more than 500 videos on this
channel
they are painfully honest
what have I lied about why are we
members of a movement where middle aged
people not teenagers so lightly so
casually call each other liars why do so
many of my fellow vegans behave like
teenagers on the Internet hahaha
implicit in that question is the fact
that I'm not talking about teenagers I'm
sometimes talking about men in their 40s
men in their 50s we're talking about
fully grown adults and you know a lot of
people ask and a sort of exasperated
over-the-top way why can't we just get
along why can't we just patch up our
differences or
or differences why can't we just be
friends for the sake of the movement
part of that answer you've heard me say
a million times on this channel part of
it is that the movement right now
doesn't really exist you're talking
about getting over your problems for the
sake of an ideal for the sake of the
future possibility of having a real
movement but we don't have that now we
don't have that yet so that's that's
part of the problem and I think if we
did have a real movement you might see
some more of that kind of sacrifice and
reconciliation going on but you know
there are other aspects to it nobody
seems to be interested in reconciling
now kick off I mean I think this is
simple enough you guys are familiar
enough with the territory
that I can just launch into a couple of
examples here and then and then wrap up
there is another British kid with a mask
who uses the name vegan foot soldier and
like so many others he has made serious
defamatory remarks about me and for no
reason you know now I mean just to stick
with one example saying that I'm a scam
artist saying that I've lied to people
or that I stole the money raised in a
fundraiser that is serious defamation
and under Canadian law of a defamation
it's you can be prosecuted and in the
strictest legal sense because it's a
type of defamation that directly impacts
my future earnings now what do I mean
you guys probably know this I'm getting
a children's book published I'm getting
it Illustrated and published now I've
had really good news about that just in
the last couple of days yesterday I was
talking to a team of professional
illustrators people who really have
experience in the industry and they were
so confident that book would be a hit
they were so confident that if published
the book would be a hit that they were
not asking me for money up front at all
which was really surreal like these guys
are pros these are guys who illustrated
children's cartoons but you know
especially like the boxes like the box
for a cartoon the cover art for video
games and cartoons and stuff to the
other pros they've done books that are
all kinds of stuff
and the first question they asked me was
will it be a series of three books or
more I was like you know there are sons
their translation errors so I like
thought maybe they misunderstood me or
something but no and then later on they
reiterated the question they were like
oh like we assume you're gonna copyright
the main character like you're gonna
register the main characters of
trademark so you can have a whole series
spun off from this book they were so
confident this book is going to be a hit
that that's the stuff they're talking
about in like first meetings Wow
so the the Chinese version of the text I
mean again it's I wrote it in Chinese
and translated it into English a lot of
Chinese people are really really
impressed with the the Chinese text now
some of you will say these people are
just bullshitting me but they're not I
mean that's just say cuz I know the
whole context they wouldn't gain
anything by bullshitting me they would
gain something by lying the other way
they would gain something by saying to
me that they think the book is not gonna
make any money therefore I need to pay
upfront and that's not what they're
doing they're doing the opposite so and
also hey they may just be recklessly
optimistic but it's sincere anyway with
this kind of defamation you know if
you're saying that I lie to people on
the Internet in a fundraiser that
impacts my ability to do fundraisers in
the future and for veganism as a
movement I really would like to do
fundraisers in the future and you know
it could be a fundraiser to help a
particular bear in the forest it could
be for a legal fund it could be for
publishing a book it could be to attend
a conference or host a conference we
have a beautiful situation here into
Hong we have a vegan hotel we could have
a vegan conference here within this year
a couple months from now we could have
people fly in and you know stay at this
gorgeous hotel on a gorgeous plate I
don't know but there are all kinds of
reasons why I wouldn't want to do
fundraising so I don't see how I mean
these people they play dumb I don't see
how they can fail to realize the
seriousness of this kind of defamation
now I wrote a comment to footsoldier
here they're going to read out vegan
foot soldier who again is a man in a
mask this is an act we've
before who seems to so readily resort to
defaming and insulting people for no
clear reason the first thing I said to
him in this comment was because he's
also criticizing vegan cheetah for being
immoral I said to him if you want to
look down on cheetah you have to
actually be better than cheetah I'll
just pause the comment I've said similar
things to so many of my fellow youtubers
there was one female on YouTube she's
still on YouTube who was giving health
advice and really competing with freely
and I respect that
game recognize game I can respect what
you're doing but I said to her look if
you want to be better than freely you
have to actually be better than freely
now whether that's through getting a
degree in nutrition a degree as a
dietician or you know working with you
know footnote in peer-reviewed sources
whatever it is you have to clearly
differentiate yourself what your moral
code is or what your quote qualification
is you can't just say you're better than
freely and therefore be better than
freely you have to actually be better
than freely and that might require going
back to university for four years but if
you're serious about this game you'll do
it if that's what you want to do if you
want to earn your living
giving vegan weight loss advice on the
Internet maybe you got to open up a
[ __ ] book maybe you got to get a
university diploma right anyway so I say
to this guy foot soldier if you want to
look down on cheetah you have to
actually be better than cheetah do
research before you make statements show
some sensitivity for the facts show some
sensitivity for your fellow human beings
especially if they are in fact trying to
sincerely contribute toward the future
of veganism there's no reason why you
and I shouldn't be mutually supportive
just as to vegans etc but you've been a
belligerent toward me for no good reason
apparently just because you thought it
would get you the attention of the crowd
the same as cheetah you have a choice
I would have gladly talked to you showed
you legal documents etc the same way I
talk to for example clothes of
plant-based news if you'd shown any
curiosity in the court case or in
anything else that interested you from
my channel just because you are a fellow
vegan I would have shown you this level
of cooperation and mutual respect yeah
just pause close actually didn't ask me
about that he didn't interrogate me
about whether or not the court case is
real I was having a conversation with
Klaus and just in passing like we were
talking about other topics in passing I
mentioned like oh yeah and I've still
got this nightmare going on with the
court case I mentioned some details
about what's going on with the court
case in passing and I remember clothes
just like interrupted the conversation
and said look I want to apologize to you
look I apologize for having said in the
past that the court case wasn't real or
something but he could have Emil any of
these people you know if you want to
know what not the court case is real for
one thing the information is already on
my youtube channel I think at this point
you can probably google it and find
legal documents or their information but
if you want to know you could ask and
asking is different from defaming right
it's none of these people including
vegan Aviva and other people none of
them have ever the people of defame me
on this they have shown as it just said
no sensitivity to the facts and notes
that no sensitivity the fact there are
the real human beings involved here
right I went through this experience not
too long ago where um you know I was
just applying for jobs I was applying
for jobs in Japan it's fine for jobs in
Canada applied for a couple jobs in
Europe and I got none of them some of
them I got interviews for or what have
you
now you know that's that's the
experience most people have most of the
time eventually I got one job it's the
job I have now in China simplifying a
pretty complicated story when I say that
actually but I did eventually find a job
you go through that and you know what's
about you on the internet you know what
people are gonna find if they google
your name and look into what's going on
with you on the internet and know having
people say that you're a scam artist
that you've
querido financial fraud that is serious
defamation that could impact you trying
to get a job as I mentioned earlier
could impact you trying to do
fundraising for veganism and on some
level any of these people if you have
ever watched five of my videos at random
five of my videos any of them you
wouldn't know what kind of guy I am
like somebody like durianrider is
telling lies on the internet all the
time and you can say that's just
trolling you can say that's just
entertainment you can say wherever the
[ __ ] you want to say about it
but a lie is a lie alright my channel is
not like that and in terms of both the
content of what I'm saying and the
motivation for it if you watch any five
videos at random on my channel you would
know why I'm taking the time and effort
why I'm talking about veganism and it's
very obviously not you know be a scandal
longer or something I'm yeah I be I
think even if you watch the five worst
videos on my channel randomly but you
know if it's a random selection you
would have some sense of who I am and
why I'm doing this and it's just so
bizarrely disconnected from this kind of
treatment I get from my fellow vegans
right but the treatment being
mean-spirited defamation defamation
paired with really just attempts to hurt
my feelings so it is you're not trying
to make the vegan movement better you're
not trying to improve things you're not
trying to do better than me you're not
trying to lead it in a different
direction this is not like a debate
between me and Gary France aione or
something you're just trying to show
everyone how mean-spirited and witty you
are in defaming someone and putting them
down be a very different thing if
someone were you know criticizing me or
insulting me for some of those other
reasons but all right um I continue okay
so I say to him you behave toward me in
a way that you would describe as
pernicious yourself a word you use in
this video such as pause he used the
word pernicious to describe the young
cheetahs conduct toward others
pernicious defamation and insults um
okay if you want to be better than
cheetah you have to actually but be
and cheetah this guy he behaved in the
same way towards me right soso you
behaved to meet Hawk toward me you
behaved toward me in a way that you
would describe as pernicious yourself
from day one unprovoked creating
controversy for controversies sake
you're not aware of it but you're really
doing the same thing as cheetah here is
it about the animals or what is it about
the future of the movement or what foot
soldier you are just as bad as cheetah
in some respects you've defamed me
falsely claimed that I was running a
scam without looking at any of the facts
and of course without even asking me for
no reason other than wanting attention
you play the same game as cheetah by the
same rules okay so all the aspects
mentioned here are a problem you know
the defamation is a problem the
mean-spiritedness is a problem the
inability of vegans to cooperate with
other vegans to actually build a
movement for the future they're all
problems now look I don't need to get
into it in detail but you know looking
at the comments that redneck - vegan
made against me so again these people
are not teenagers these are basically
middle-aged men these are fully grown
adults I don't know how old redneck -
vegan is he looks about 45 he could be
40 - he could be 55 I don't know but I
mean he is a fully grown man he is not a
teenager and you have to ask why do
these people behave like teenagers why
what's in it for them it's not good for
the movement it's not good for them
personally it's just this habit of mine
people seem to get into on the Internet
of trying to make an exhibition of how
mean-spirited and Cadi they are so you
know redneck TV can set a whole bunch of
really mean-spirited cutting insulting
things it's not that it hurts my
feelings it really it hurts the future
of the movement and it's gonna hurt his
position in the futures movement in as
much as I have anything to do about it
redneck - vigan has been making videos
lately saying what a nice guy he is and
how morally opposed he is to drama how
morally superior he is to vegan cheetah
but the reality is he's been doing the
same things as vegan cheetah for the
same reasons as I just said redneck -
vegan he's been playing the same game by
the same rules now I just point out
what's easy to miss so that the main
thing that retina - vegan says are the
most the most offensive thing or most
hurtful he says he says that I'm a
terrible parent
she doesn't know anything about he
didn't even see the videos on my channel
about my parenting situation my
situation my daughter
I'm a terrible parents he claims that
I've abandoned my daughter which is not
true it's the opposite of the truth and
he claims that I should be separated
from my daughter
it's funny how quickly you can slip from
one to the other so obviously anyone
would be offended by that redneck -
vegan I've asked him I said how would he
feel if someone said that about him
it doesn't take a lot of sympathy
doesn't take a lot of imagination how
would he feel if the positions were
reversed if he had a kid and someone out
of his sheer ignorance made these kind
of comments to him but you know what I
wanted to mention here are actually the
other forms of insult that are just
thrown in so casually because to me that
reflects the lack of civility and the
lack of any concept of positive
cooperation that has just become the
norm in veganism in 2017 and you know
who's to blame durianrider freely all
these people on it on a fairly deep
level
they've just influenced our sense of
normal discourse and of the purpose of
the normal discourse like it's not in
this guy's mind so redneck you vegan I
don't know your age maybe he's 45
whatever fully grown man right
fully grown middle-aged man he's a
school teacher when he sees me on the
Internet it doesn't even enter his mind
that I'm someone he could be cooperating
with and collaborating with you know
real political movement called veganism
though I'm somebody he could be
cooperating with the same way I'm
cooperating now with mod vegan or
something as a mature adult this is not
about teenagers acting like teenagers
the problem I'm addressing this video is
middle-aged people behaving like he news
he's not thinking right next if he can
his
thinking about even five years in the
future let alone 10 years right where
are you gonna be five years from now if
you're 45 now you're gonna be 50 are you
gonna be part of a movement making a
difference in the world or are you gonna
be an old nutter defaming people on the
Internet
what do you what direction you want to
take this in and if you don't look at
somebody like me and see somebody
cooperate with where are you even
looking to cooperate where are you
looking to build this this movement in
the future you know when we in passing I
mean I just say our sense of normal
discourse the level of insult defamation
bad language everything you know you see
that with somebody like Jeff Nelson -
and so why didn't Jeff Nelson look at me
and say oh here's a serious middle-aged
man I'm 38 identify his middle age
here's a serious middle-aged man with a
degree in political science political
push to veganism trying to get things
organized there was just no reason for
Jeff Nelson to come at me with the level
of hostility he had completely
unprovoked day one but Jeff Nelson is an
old man who still thinks like a teenager
who still behaves like a teenager on the
Internet
but just in passing with no
justification with no reason redneck -
vigan here if you think about what's
thrown in in passing he calls me
egotistical narcissistic braggadocious
and he calls me a liar
many many times you know apart from the
much more serious things um what have I
lied about let me ask you really serious
I have more than 500 videos on this
channel
they are painfully honest
what have I lied about why are we
members of a movement where middle-aged
people not teenagers so lightly so
casually call each other liars okay I
believe that durianrider is lying
you when he claims that he cured Crohn's
disease and I had videos explaining very
clearly why that is including the fact
that I play for you an audio clip in
which he says he never was diagnosed
with Crohn's disease now there are other
videos in which he says he was diagnosed
with Crohn's disease there are other
videos in which he says he can prove
that he cured Crohn's disease through
his blood tests although in fact the
test for Crohn's disease is not a blood
test look it up people
um sorry I'll try to improve the
lighting here a little bit you know I
did not casually or lightly or in a
stupid shallow insulting way called
durianrider a liar it was very clear
what liya was talking about and while I
was talking about it I wasn't just
raking mud for the sake of raking mud
for me this is about the future of the
movement for me this is about the real
consequences in people's lives when they
put their faith in someone who's a major
leader in the movement who's lying to
you about health information about he's
lying to you but so many things
including when he lies defaming others
when he makes serious criminal
accusations against other people alright
I'm not doing this for the sake of my
ego I'm not doing this just to show how
mean-spirited and Cadi I can be in a
comment section all right it is this
about ecology or not is this about the
animals or not is this about the future
of our culture and civilization or not
either it's about the movement or it's
just [ __ ] and if you have made it to
30 years old I don't care if you're
wearing a mask I don't care if you're
wearing a frock I don't care if you're
wearing a tutu I don't care what
[ __ ] you're doing to draw attention
you on the Internet
have some sensitivity for the facts and
have some sensitivity for the fact that
these are real human
including me who really have to take
their resume and go in and apply for a
job who really had their heart in their
line why would you so casually call me a
liar
the whole problem is that this is my
real life I'm sharing with you I'm not
the one wearing a mask here and I'm not
the one defaming other people you don't
have to respect it you don't
I'm not asking anyone to respect me you
want to criticize me on any of these
matters of substance have at it
lay into me you want to spew with me
vivisection castrating dogs whether or
not pigs should be pets a status of
hunting wild animals what if there are
million great things to debate I just
did a book review read the same book do
a better book review say that I was dead
wrong I misinterpret the book fine talk
about matters of substance whatever
right but I mean ultimately people like
freelee and durianrider were most
influential just in presenting all of
their followers with a model of middle
aged people behaving like teenagers
because at bottom that's what they are
and I think most you guys like including
redneck to vegan even if you don't
realize it even if you don't think
consciously that you're imitating
freelee and durianrider when you turn on
the camera that's what you're doing and
that's what has got to stop you can
disrespect me but I'm asking you to have
some respect for yourself stop behaving
like a teenager and start thinking about
the future of the movement